this is March this is where I feel my
hands
Elena the nun Paradiso that is superior
came of age works for me
- can you dig my hands would be really
feel free to really think everybody
negative to us I suppose anything that
had a bit of energy intends are the name
of the girl for me Cosette Carol what it
was walking up on that building there is
great resonance in in my life
if this max are false Palin the K
phenomena comes you know you can't come
in very sloppy lazy wow I wonder what
they're looking at is what I've got is a
beautiful peel
if love has a sound and that's for real
they light up a room they put your name
on the marquee and I basically go out
there for three hours and say look at me
look at me waiting around mr. tarloff
before I go onstage at ready Leslie our
wishes are you know watching telly I
think is taking that step you take me
instead
those poses also that figure you have
trying to prove yourself all the time
and that's a good lesson important
things for human being to forward that
is the job to get into that zone of
discomfort in this picture tank there
the way it goes down the end of the day
accessibility in the stage but it can be
more is what you attach to it